[Major] Make fmt use intuitive (#17)
grammyjs/parse-mode: README.md

# Parse Mode plugin for grammY

> This plugin provides transformer that injects `entities` or `caption_entities`
> if `text` or `caption` are FormattedString.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin lets you format your messages and captions with **bold**, __italic__, etc in a much more reliable and efficient way than with Markdown or HTML.
It does this by providing a transformer that injects `entities` or `caption_entities` if `text` or `caption` are FormattedString.
```

Author: Thanks!
